Oh
do you remember thing what happened when
during the battle
welcome to the Dark Side of the Moon
gentlemen aren't we supposed to be on
top of the mountain to win this thing
our job is to separate the Taliban and
the ordinary people
how do we do our jobs and stay safe
respect keeps us safe I wouldn't trade
this for anything look at us Band of
Brothers keep me prayers okay trust me
babe I quit I love you
we're gonna win by getting their heart -
we want the hearts and minds and they
want to bug us
it's our pal That's Life at Camp cuting
every time they take a potshot at us
they're figuring us out I'm the big one
cons I love a style did the big ones
that watch everybody fall back enemy in
the wire I let him back into Fight Club
we need to retake his camp we don't have
any air support the manpower or men are
trapped down there our meed who is 40
yards away there's everything we need to
stay in this fight
let me do this Sarah
[Music]
let's show some love with the 120s
you're all right back
come on drums around me you're not gonna
die okay every day
right foot two
[Music]
we're taking this [ __ ] back
you